README.md, before:

# Our company website

[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

## Aims

- responsive
- accessible
- simple

## Prerequisites

- You need to first create a `~/cvt-website.env` file in your home directory. This should contain all teh environment variables that are needed to build and deploy the system. A sample env file is included at [./sample.env](sample.env)

You should be able to develop and run this project directly in GitHub Codespaces or.

### Native

- NodeJS required, tested with node 18.18

### Docker

- VSCode can use docker to set up a local development environment for you

## Development

To run locally `make dev`

## Build

All commands are through make. See the [Makefile](Makefile) for details but some basic ones are `make build` and `make format`. If you run these commands on your native machine the makefiel will attempt to run them inside a docker container with all the dependencies needed. You can force them to run on your native machine by appending -local to the command e.g. `make build-local`.

## Technology

The site is currently just static html pages. We will probably move to Jekyll when we need to update it regularly. Packaging of the html and css is done with parceljs. This also runs a dev server with hot reloading for fast development.

## Deployment

The website is deployed to github pages, for static sites. This is done with the cd process described in [.github/workflows/cd.yml](.github/workflows/cd.yml)

## Content

Content is contained in markdown files in `./content` here.

### Home

- [Welcome](content/welcome.md)

### Poblem

- [Alzheimers](content/alzheimers.md)
- [Challenge](content/challenge.md)

### Technology

- [Hardware](content/hardware.md)
- [AI](content/ai.md)
- [Platform](content/platform.md)

### About

- [About Us](content/us.md)
- [Contact](content/contact.md)

Commit message:

New: add html templating and update images

README.md, after:

# Our company website

[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

## Aims

- responsive
- accessible
- simple

## Prerequisites

- You need to first create a `~/cvt-website.env` file in your home directory. This should contain all teh environment variables that are needed to build and deploy the system. A sample env file is included at [./sample.env](sample.env)

You should be able to develop and run this project directly in GitHub Codespaces or.

### Native

- NodeJS required, tested with node 18.18

### Docker

- VSCode can use docker to set up a local development environment for you

## Development

To run locally `make dev`

## Build

All commands are through make. See the [Makefile](Makefile) for details but some basic ones are `make build` and `make format`. If you run these commands on your native machine the makefiel will attempt to run them inside a docker container with all the dependencies needed. You can force them to run on your native machine by appending -local to the command e.g. `make build-local`.

## Technology

The site uses a simple fing-and-replace script to render the content markdown files and insert them into the html source files. Packaging of the generated html and css is done with parceljs. This also runs a dev server with hot reloading for fast development.

## Deployment

The website is deployed to github pages, for static sites. This is done with the cd process described in [.github/workflows/cd.yml](.github/workflows/cd.yml)

## Content

Content is contained in markdown files in `./content` here.

### Home

- [Welcome](content/welcome.md)

### Poblem

- [Alzheimers](content/alzheimers.md)
- [Challenge](content/challenge.md)

### Technology

- [Hardware](content/hardware.md)
- [AI](content/ai.md)
- [Platform](content/platform.md)

### About

- [About Us](content/us.md)
- [Contact](content/contact.md)
